Sewing Practice Room Say what now?
Oh, did you not get all that? The title is pretty long.
From Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls—
The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2! The Kuroe Shizuku-tan!
Humiliation Club
I want to cosplay as Shizuku-tan from "Slippery Girls 2!"
Episode 2
Wanna Hurry Up, and Do It?
What is it, Gojo-kun?
I'm sorry, I should probably know this,
but I've never heard of this "Slippery Girls 2."
For real? Okay, I'll give you the basic rundown.
"Slippery Girls 2" is a super popular eroge that came out last year and did crazy numbers.
An eroge...
There's even an anime coming out for it. Crazy, am I right?
So, the protag is the grandson of the academy's principal
and ends up going to this all-girls school because reasons.
It's basically one of those common harem plots.
A guy enrolling at an all-girls school is common?!
There are a bunch of emotional in-game events, so it's super popular.
Wait, Gojo-kun. Are you not into the humiliation stuff?
Like sex slaves.
Sex slaves?!
But the sex slaves in "Slippery Girls 2" are doing it for love, so it's totally fine.
Honestly, it's pretty safe.
"Fine"... "Safe"?!
The protag is ordered to join the Humiliation Club by the principal
and then the girls in the club... Wh-What should I do?
Maybe I'm just not familiar with games,
but I have absolutely no idea what she's talking about.
Humiliation Club? Sex slaves?
Do games like this really exist?
Wait. Is she just messing with me?
For real, how long are you going to let me go on? I'm obviously kidding.
How trusting are you?
Of course. I'm usually alone, so I don't pick up on stuff like this and didn't notice—
And if you pick that last option, the protag ends up the club president's sex slave.
Sh-She's not joking.
Kitagawa-san isn't joking in the least!
It's, like, totally unbelievable.
But this was also an act of non-con out of love.
Her eyes are completely serious!
The moment I figured it all out, I was like, "No way!" and...
So basically, I wanted to buy "Slippery Girls 2" since the first game was so epic.
If anything, Shizuku-tan's super cute, so why not?
And in the beginning, Shizuku-tan doesn't smile at all and is this total ice queen.
You think, "What's this girl's problem?"
And then, like... You get more events, like, "Wow, she can make faces like this, too."
Before I knew it, I was head-over-heels in love with Shizuku-tan.
I was totally obsessed.
And I genuinely thought...
that I want to become Shizuku-tan.
You get me, Gojo-kun?
Not in the least.
I love Shizuku-tan so much that I just can't and, like...
But when Kitagawa-san is talking about the things she loves,
she looks like she's genuinely having fun,
so I can tell how much she loves Shizuku-tan.
And then, it's, like, a super happy ending.
Get it now?
Question.
Oh? You still didn't get it?
I think I got the general idea, but I was curious about something.
Like what? Shizuku-tan's birthday?
N-No!
Um... "Slippery Girls 2" is a pervy game, right?
Yeah, it's an eroge.
But it's epic.
A-Aren't those age-restricted?
Aren't those age-restricted?
Yup. No problems here.
Huh?!
Also, I thought that girls didn't like games like that, so they don't play them.
Seriously? Of course we do. Like, everyone does.
* May not apply to everyone
Besides, like...
Does being a girl or a boy matter when you really like something?
Absolutely not!
Right?
Okay, let's get started.
Yes! I'm looking forward to working with you!
Gojo-kun, why are you tearing up?
Okay, I guess I should look up what we need to do first.
Oh, one sec.
Let's see... Oh, there it is.
A Beginner's Guide to Making Cosplay Outfits Ta-da!
This totally exists.
Even First-timers Can Rest Easy A Beginner's Guide to Making Cosplay Outfits
Wow... I didn't know books like this existed.
The basics of constructing a cosplay
That guide rules, so definitely give it a read.
Whoa, it even tells you how to pick fabrics and draft patterns!
Yup, yup, yup! Super handy, right?
They even tell you how to use sewing machines in detail.
I know, right?!
Why couldn't she do it if she had a book that's this crystal clear?
"Why couldn't she do it if she had a book that's this crystal clear?"
is totally what he's thinking!
I see.
We'll just have to buy the things we still need,
and we can start with the measurements.
Why don't we do that now?
Er, no.
It's already pretty late today.
I know the weekend's coming up, so let's do it on Monday.
Right... okay.
Gojo-kun.
Yes?
Thanks.
I'm looking forward to Monday.
Right.
Hey, I'm coming in.
You're going to bed already? That's rare.
Yeah...
I'm gonna go buy a sewing machine tomorrow, so you don't need to open up the shop.
Got it.
Make sure you take a bath before bed.
So much happened today...
Even First-Timers Can Handle It A Beginner's Guide to Making Cosplay Outfits
I want to help her out somehow.
Huh?!
H-Huh...?
Gojo Dolls
Yes! Coming! I'll be right there!
I'm terribly sorry! But we're closed today—
Heya! I'm here!
K-K-Kitagawa-san?!
Wh-Wh-Why are you here?!
How did you know where I lived?!
Do you really have to ask why?
How the heck am I supposed to wait until Monday to become Shizuku-tan?
So I searched for "Gojo" and "hina dolls" and just came over.
Gojo Dolls She's so proactive!
So can I come in, or nah?
Huh? Like right now?
No?
U-Um... Here ya go.
It's super yummy.
Oh, you didn't have to.
Thank you very much—
I'm coming in!
Uh, Kitagawa-san, wait!
Is your room upstairs, Gojo-kun?
Yes... Wait, no!
Hey, this is totally your room, isn't it?
K-Kitagawa-san!
Ooh!
This totally seems like your room.
Haha, you didn't put your futon away.
Do you use these for the dolls?
You paint with these super-skinny brushes?
Damn... Oh, don't worry. I won't touch them.
But seriously, they're so—
Oh, no. My heart's being so loud that I can't hear a word she's saying.
Badump Badump Badump Badump
Th-The only person that's e-e-ever been in my room is Gramps...
But now there's a girl... and it's Kitagawa-san!
Badump Badump Badump Badump Calm down!
I can't. I have no idea what I'm supposed to do!
Just chill out.
I need to get a grip.
Gojo-kun? Gojo-kun?
I need to make sure I'm not rude to Kitagawa-san...
Earth to Gojo-kun!
Uh, yes!
Wh-Wh-What is it?!
I said...
Wanna hurry up... and do it?
What... exactly?
Take my measurements, duh.
You're the one who said we need to do that first.
So c'mon, let's get to measuring.
About that...
Could we have someone else do that part?
Huh? Why, though?
Do you not want to do this anymore?
Er, no... It's not that. Um...
In the book I borrowed yesterday...
I-It said that for measurements... Um... You...
Y-You...
You have to be in your underwear...
Ah... So that's what you meant.
Yeah, no probs.
K-K-Kitagawa-san?!
Ta-da! I totally wore a bathing suit!
I figured you'd get all flustered about it.
I totally thought, "Dude, I'm a genius," when I thought of this.
Well? This solves that problem, right?
Uh, Gojo-kun?
Wait, hello? Are you okay?
P-Please do not touch me right now!
W-Wait, what?! Sorry...
Okay. I'll start with your head measurements.
Please be patient with me.
Got it!
Would it be easier for you if I closed my eyes?
Calm down.
Concentrate.
I need to make sure... that I don't actually touch Kitagawa-san.
Peek!
Wait, are you okay? That wasn't a good sound!
I'm sorry. I'm fine...
I'd like to measure the w-width of your shoulders... So could you turn around?
Sure...
I-It's no use. I can't keep my composure when I'm facing her.
B-But I'm sure... I'm sure that from the back, it'll be—
Her back side isn't any better!
My hair's in the way, huh?
How's this?
Um... May I ask you a question?
Hm?
You're in your bathing suit right now, right?
Um...
A-Aren't you embarrassed at all?
Huh? Why would I be? Nope.
I mean, I'm gonna become Shizuku-tan, so we need to follow that book exactly.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! What the heck was that sound?!
Huh?
What are you doing?
G-Gojo-kun?
That's right. It's...
This means so much to her. It's rude to have any indecent thoughts.
It's nothing! There's nothing to worry about!
No way, there's clearly something to worry about!
She's actually relying on me.
My heart and soul...
That's what I need to put into this.
All of me!
I just need to... concentrate on making this.
Horizontal circumference of head 53.8 cm Vertical circumference of head 57.7 cm Neck 27.3 cm Shoulder width 35cm Sleeve length 52.1 cm Upper arm 22.9 cm
Looks like things are going well.
Yes.
Oh, yeah. Gojo-kun, could you measure my feet, too?
Your feet?
I can't make shoes, so I was thinking about buying some to use.
Yeah, but I totally don't get shoes because some can start hurting
even if they're the same size.
Maybe the circumference isn't right.
You mean here?
Yes. Let's get the width, too.
I'll go grab a chair. One moment.
Wait, this totally works.
It's, like, the perfect height.
No, it's not!
How is it not?
B-B-B-Because... I-It's dirty...
It's dirty!
It's all good. Yeah!
Wait!
Please don't...
Please get off that filthy thing immediately!
No, really. It's fine.
Kitagawa-san, you'll get dirty! So, please!
Again, it's no problem, so let's get to measuring.
I... I'll... I'll bring a chair immediately.
I'm sorry. Please...
Gojo-kun.
It's fine.
Do it.
Okay.
I see.
I'll keep this in mind the next time I buy shoes.
Okay, let's keep things rolling!
Next up is... my bust!
I should probably tie my hair up for this, too.
Hup. Here you go, Gojo-kun.
U-Um, are you asking... m-m-me to measure them?
Of course I am. Who else is going to do it?
Can't you?
How, though?
When you measure them yourself, you have to bend over,
so I get a different result every time.
It's way harder than you think.
So... You've gotta do it, Gojo-kun.
I can't...
Why can't you all of a sudden?
That makes no sense.
But... I mean... I really shouldn't...
I don't get it, but just hurry. I mean...
My arms are killing me.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'll m-measure them right...
away...
Sh-She's so close!
Wh-What's this distance?
Th-This is just... Kitagawa-san... No, no, no!
Don't think about anything else!
You're just getting her measurements. That's it!
Just concentrate on making her clothes!
P-Please lower your arms and stand up straight.
Sure thing.
Concentrate...
Concentrate!
I know, right? Crouching like that for too long is rough.
Whatever position's the most comfy for you is totally fine, Gojo-kun.
I wanna die.
I-I'm done.
Good job.
Well, while we're at it, why don't we measure my inseam and bust point?
I can't.
This again?
How the heck am I supposed to make the perfect boob bag if I don't have the right measurements?
B-Boob bag?
I want to give that part some extra love,
so I need you to psych yourself up.
I'm sorry... But I can't.
Aw, why not? Seriously, what's your deal?
I mean... I mean, how...
H-H-How am I supposed to...
How am I supposed to know where your nipples are—
H-How am I... Gojo-kun.
Where can they be?
I'm kidding! Jeez, lighten up!
Don't freeze up like that.
Yeah... I guess I can't exactly show you those.
Sorry about that, Gojo-kun.
I'll measure that myself, so pass me the measuring tape.
S-Sorry. Thank you.
Okay.
Let's see...
So it's here to here...
No, wait. Is it from the outside? Or over here?
Let's go with 20 cm.
Let's go with 20 centimeters... Let's go with 20 centimeters....
Let's go with 20 centimeters....
Let's go with 20 centimeters... Let's go with 20 centimeters...
Twenty centimeters...
It's only a number, but my mind just went blank.
Foot length 23.2 cm Foot circumference 22.4 cm Foot width 9.5 cm Bust 86.8 cm Underbust 68.2cm Bust point 20 cm
I guess the last one we need is the inseam.
Yes.
At least with her inseam, I won't have to look at her face, so I won't be as nervous.
I'm sorta done with myself.
I keep getting flustered and panicky.
Talk about lame.
I want to be like Kitagawa-san, who never loses her head.
Did you just say something?
I'm sorry. I was thinking about something, so I didn't quite hear you—
Kitagawa-san?
You're bright red.
Huh?!
Um, huh? No way.
What?!
N-No, you've got the wrong idea!
I'm just...
Is the room too hot?!
I'm sorry for not noticing!
I'll go turn on the AC.
I wonder if it'll be hot again this year.
Maybe.
Gojo Dolls
Horizontal circumference of head 53.8 cm Vertical circumference of head 57.7 cm Neck 27.3 cm Shoulder width 35cm Sleeve length 52.1 cm Upper arm 22.9 cm Elbow 21.2 cm Wrist 13.1 cm Shoulder circumference 34.5cm Thighs 43.8 cm Knees 29.5 cm Calves 31.6 cm
Waist 58.7 cm Hips 84.8 cm Ankles 19.2 cm Foot length 23.2 cm Foot circumference 22.4 cm Foot width 9.5 cm Bust 86.8 cm Underbust 68.2cm Bust point 20 cm Inseam 79.2 cm
AC | Purifier | Heater Wind | Temp | Direction Self Clean | Turbo / Quiet Timer on/off | Enter | Cancel Stop | Menu
And we're done.
Good job.
I'll go put my clothes on.
Sure.
Kitagawa-san.
Do you have any references for "Slippery Girls"?
I'd like to know the details of the outfit, so I can draw up the patterns.
Oh, yeah, right. One sec.
Saint♥Slippery's Academy for Girls— The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life
Ta-da!
Here's "Slippery Girls" 1 and 2!
Here you go.
Thank you very much... T-Two of them?
I thought that maybe the second one would be enough,
but it might be better if you knew how the first one went, too.
Sure...
Tomorrow's Sunday, so try playing them.
They're super cute.
Gojo-kun?
I'm sorry for interrupting you while you were changing...
I don't mind at all, but... are you okay?
Do you have a stomachache?
I-I'm sorry, I'm fine.
It's just her bathing suit... I'm so pathetic.
I'm home, Wakana.
I got the new sewing—
I'm bewing watched... You're watching me...
If... If I do thish... I'll never be nowmal again...
Hey, Gramps. Dinner's ready.
R-Right... I bought the new sewing machine.
You mushn't... You mushn't... Nice. Thanks.
I mean... he is at that age...
That said... He looks so damn serious!
I see... That's how it looks from the back.
And he's taking notes?!
Oh, no!
Episode 3
Then Why Don't We?
Next time...